Solution Discussion
===================
(2010/12/07)

So this problem has it's roots in the sense of a LCM like problem.  I didn't
realize at first just how much LCM was really at the core to solving this
problem.

I started with thinking about the number factorizations and knowing that it had
something to do with the common terms among the factors.  However, after looking
at the break down of the factors, I noticed that I couldn't really look only at
them.  For any numbers with multiples of the same factor, I couldn't look only
at the factors themselves.  Otherwise I wouldn't find any LCM that was divisble
by the larger terms.

The terms of the LCM had to include the multiplicity details of the prime
factorizations.  However, I wasn't sure entirely how to properly account for it
nor how I would search for that information.  I was originally thinking about
finding pairs but that seemed like an odd approach and thing to be assuming
about the numbers.

Finally, after a quick Google search for the LCM, I found the solution I needed:
http://www.math.com/school/subject1/lessons/S1U3L3DP.html

The LCM of any given terms is the multiplication of the prime factors each
raised to the highest number of times the factor occurs in a given term.

So, for example, if the terms were 18 and 24, their two factorizations would be:

18 -> 2 * 3 * 3
24 -> 2 * 2 * 2 * 3

For 18, we have two 3's and one 2.  For 24, we have three 2's and one 3.  So the
LCM for these two terms becomes 2^3 * 3^2 = 8 * 9 = 72.

The same principle can be applied when finding the LCM for more than 2 numbers.
Simply find the highest occurance of each prime in the factorizations and then
multiply them all together.


Verification
============
2010/12/06 - Succeed: 232792560


Note #1
============
(2010/12/07)

The problem discussion has a very clever analysis to this problem and how the
prime factor term powers can be determined.

Since we are finding the LCM for a fixed range of terms, m..n, (in this problem,
1..20) we can search for the powers by looking at the numbers instead of
actually factoring each term in the range.

We need to find the largest power for a given term that stays within the range.
For example, in the 1..20 case and looking at the 2 prime:

2^1 = 2
2^2 = 4
2^3 = 8
2^4 = 16
2^5 = 32

So the count for the 2 prime will be 4 since it is the largest that stays within
the range.  Using this, we can just calculate the counts for each prime starting
at 2 and going to the sqrt(n).


/* vim: set textwidth=80 nu: */
